README.md, before:

# POS For A Store Project
This is a RESTFUL API project using Springboot technology with following method for simple CRUD purposes :
1. JPA Repository
2. MySQL Database
3. Hibernate
4. Custom JSON ResponseEntity

## Make your first project
1. File **>** New **>** Maven Project.
2. **Select project name and location Dialog >** Let it be default.
3. **Select an Archetype >** choose maven-archetype-webapp.
4. **Enter Artifact id >**  enter your group id for the `package path` and enter your artifact id for your `app name`.
5. Click finish and wait the maven update.
 
 ## Setting your POM.XML Dependencies
 1. Add parent after `url tag`
 ```
  <parent>
  	<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
	<artifactId>spring-boot-starter-parent</artifactId>
 	<version>1.5.4.RELEASE</version>
  	<relativePath/>
  </parent>
  ```
 2. Add the dependency in `dependecies tag`
  ```
  <dependency>
    	<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    	<artifactId>spring-boot-starter-data-jpa</artifactId>
  </dependency>
  <dependency>
    	<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    	<artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId>
  </dependency>
  <dependency>
    	<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    	<artifactId>spring-boot-devtools</artifactId>
    	<scope>runtime</scope>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
    	<groupId>mysql</groupId>
    	<artifactId>mysql-connector-java</artifactId>
    	<scope>runtime</scope>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
    	<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    	<artifactId>spring-boot-starter-test</artifactId>
    	<scope>test</scope>
    </dependency>
  ```
  **Notes that web app have a dependency of data-jpa than that project require an application.properties file**
  
## Make application.properties file on res folder
1. Right click on src/main/resources > new > other
2. In create wizard dialog > go to general files > next
3. In create new file resources > enter your directory to src/main/resources and your file name applicaton.properties
  ```
# Data Source spring (DtsaSourceAutoConfiguration & data DataSourceProperties)
spring.datasource.url = jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/exampledb?useSSL=false
spring.datasource.username = root
spring.datasource.password = 

# Hibernate Properties
# The SQL dialect makes Hibernate generate better SQL for the chosen database
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.dialect = org.hibernate.dialect.MySQL5Dialect

# Hibernate ddl auto (Create, Create-Drop, Validate, Update)
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto = update

# Tomcat Server PORT
server.port = 8383
  ```

Commit message:

How to Enable Main Java
missing java folder problem on first build webapp

README.md, after:

# POS For A Store Project
This is a RESTFUL API project using Springboot technology with following method for simple CRUD purposes :
1. JPA Repository
2. MySQL Database
3. Hibernate
4. Custom JSON ResponseEntity

## Make your first project
1. File **>** New **>** Maven Project.
2. **Select project name and location Dialog >** Let it be default.
3. **Select an Archetype >** choose maven-archetype-webapp.
4. **Enter Artifact id >**  enter your group id for the `package path` and enter your artifact id for your `app name`.
5. Click finish and wait the maven update.
 
 ## Setting your POM.XML Dependencies
 1. Add parent after `url tag`
 ```
  <parent>
  	<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
	<artifactId>spring-boot-starter-parent</artifactId>
 	<version>1.5.4.RELEASE</version>
  	<relativePath/>
  </parent>
  ```
 2. Add the dependency in `dependecies tag`
  ```
  <dependency>
    	<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    	<artifactId>spring-boot-starter-data-jpa</artifactId>
  </dependency>
  <dependency>
    	<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    	<artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId>
  </dependency>
  <dependency>
    	<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    	<artifactId>spring-boot-devtools</artifactId>
    	<scope>runtime</scope>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
    	<groupId>mysql</groupId>
    	<artifactId>mysql-connector-java</artifactId>
    	<scope>runtime</scope>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
    	<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    	<artifactId>spring-boot-starter-test</artifactId>
    	<scope>test</scope>
    </dependency>
  ```
  **Notes that web app have a dependency of data-jpa than that project require an application.properties file**
  
## Make application.properties file on res folder
1. **Right click on src/main/resources >** new > other
2. **In create wizard dialog >** go to general files > next
3. **In create new file resources >** enter your directory to `src/main/resources` and your file name **applicaton.properties**
  ```
# Data Source spring (DtsaSourceAutoConfiguration & data DataSourceProperties)
spring.datasource.url = jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/exampledb?useSSL=false
spring.datasource.username = root
spring.datasource.password = 

# Hibernate Properties
# The SQL dialect makes Hibernate generate better SQL for the chosen database
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.dialect = org.hibernate.dialect.MySQL5Dialect

# Hibernate ddl auto (Create, Create-Drop, Validate, Update)
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto = update

# Tomcat Server PORT
server.port = 8383
  ```
## Enable src/main/java
1. **Right click on `maven project root` >** properties > 
2. **On Properties Dialog select >** maven build path > then select all on order and export.  
3. Click Apply and Close
